1. I have come across numerous forms throughout my history with the web. Forms are located on just about every website as they often allow for crucial feedback information for the website's owner directly from consumers or customers. Forms can range in function from applications to questionnaires. They allow easy functionality for users by utilizing drop down boxes, text entry, and radio checkmarks which then allows the owner of the website to view the responses given in a concise manner. A common one that comes to mind, are the forms that you submit when saving payment information or addresses on websites such as Amazon.
2. An example of a text input could be a plain text input or a password input. The plain text input will provide a small box for a text answer to be written in and the password input does the same thing, however, it changes the letters to asterisks for privacy. An example of a selection input would be radio buttons. Radio buttons allow users to view multiple options and select one item from the list by clicking on the option or radio "bubble". An example of a button input is the simple upload button. The upload button allows users to submit their completed online forms with one simple click of a button. There are numerous other examples of these inputs, but they all serve the same basic function by making filling out and submitting online forms very user friendly.
3. My work cycle for this assignment was very similar to the previous assignment, as it used a lot of the same elements. I utilized the github example that was posted for new elements like the table and form and followed along in the walkthrough video when needed. All in all, another assignment has gone pretty smoothly.
